User Instructions:

	To register your institution as a Member:

		1. Navigate to the "Register" tab on the top
		2. Write your Institution Name
		3. Click "REGISTER" (This will invoke consuming gas)
		4. If you confirm, the registration is complete

	To Submit a Genome into the Application:

		1. Navigate to the Home page using the "Athenomics" tab on the top (If you're not in the home tab)
		2. Click "Choose File"
		3. Navigate to your compressed FASTA(.fa.co) file including your Genome
		4. Click "Open"
		5. Enter your sample source (ex: homo sapien) in the "Source" Section on the right
		6. Click Submit (This will invoke consuming gas)
		7. If you confirm, the submission is complete
		8. Reconnect to the page to confirm your genome (Or swap between tabs)

	To Create a Request for a Genome:

		1. Navigate to the Home page using the "Athenomics" tab on the top (If you're not in the home tab)
		2. All publicly available genomes will be present in the "Publically Available Genomes" table
		3. Click the button on the right of the genome that you need to create a request. (This will invoke consuming gas)
		(IMPORTANT NOTE: You cannot make a request to a Genome that you own and you cannot request a genome before becoming a member and registering)
		4. If you confirm, the request will be made
		5. Navigate to the "Requested Status" tab to confirm that your request has been made

	To View Requests that others have made with your Genome:
		1. Navigate to the "Genome Requests" tab on the top
		2. Review the request information 
		3. If you wish to update the request status(Reject/Accept), click "Accept" to accept OR "Reject" to reject. (This will invoke consuming gas)
		4. If you confirm, the request status will be updated.
		5. Refresh the page to confirm that the request has been successfully updated


	To View Requests that you have made to others' Genomes:
		1. Navigate to the "Requested Status" tab on the top
		2. If the request is still pending, it will display "Pending"
		4. If the request has been accepted, the Button in the "Status" tab will be activated as "Complete"
		5. Click on the "Complete" Button (This will invoke consuming gas & sending ether to the genome owner ~$0.10)
		6. This will redirect you to the page with the genome file after 
		7. After completing you should be able to redownload or delete the row of the table after re-navigating to the page (i.e switching tabs or reconnecting to the site)